As you've probably figured out by now,
managing the costs of cloud computing is a complex but very important topic
required for any organization interested in maintaining good cost controls in the cloud.
It's one of the skills that makes my job as a cloud architect so interesting.
My goal in this lesson was to give you an introduction
to the complexities of AWS service costs,
and an overview of some of the important issues you'll face when procuring AWS services.
Here's what we covered in this lesson.
We've learned about the AWS approach to cost
associated with providing managed services in their public cloud.
In comparing costs between the traditional or physical server model,
we've explored how cloud costs really can't be compared because
public cloud compute capacity is built as a utility and not a capital asset.
It was a shift in thinking that led us to a deeper understanding of AWS regions,
and the reasons that costs in
different geographical areas very significantly based on location,
government regulations, utilities, and the costs of doing business.
We proceeded to dive into the cost of AWS services like EC2 Instances, storage,
and databases, and how being mindful of the opportunities to reduce
costs up front can save you and your organization substantially over time.
When you commit to AWS with reserved Instances for EC2 and databases,
and we commit to a life cycle for S3 objects as well.
Finally, we explored how
skilled cloud architects optimize their cloud infrastructure with the help of
AWS services and even some third party tools to reduce
costs and unnecessary power consumption when they monitor and right size.
In our next lesson,
we will dive into how AWS services can be
optimized to get the best performance out of your workloads in the cloud.
We'll also look at high-performance computing and how AWS provides services
and technology for large computing problems in industry and academia.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6